well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about two presidents and their
relationship with the media with the
news president Trump has never had a
great relationship with the media as a
whole he began attacking them early it
was part of his campaign
there was only one outlet that was
spared his wrath and over the last week
or so we have seen the president turn on
fox news is discovering that trump like
any would-be dictator demands complete
subservience complete compliance and
complete complicity with his agenda from
news organizations it's what he wants in
a show of journalistic ethics that has
been sorely lacking over at Fox for the
last few years a few of their anchors
have attempted to point out that they
don't work for him yeah you do you did
it anyway
for the last few years you justified and
promoted every heinous act this
administration could dream up
that Network promoted these ideas to the
American people and now that they are
discovering like all people of his ilk
that well first he came for CNN and I
didn't say anything because I wasn't
seeing him yeah well now he's come for
you
you step too far out of line so now you
have to suffer his wrath pretty soon you
will be branded fake news like everybody
else and you're gonna have to answer for
that the outlet as a whole and all of
the personalities on it because you
didn't take a stand for what was right
until it affected you personally you
standing up to Trump now means nothing
it means nothing when the president
branded other journalists has fake news
that's when you should have said
something when the president through
children and cages that's when you
should have said something now it means
nothing it's just a show that you see
the winds changing the political winds
are shifting and you don't want to be
left holding the bag supporting a loser
so now you want to reclaim some of that
objectivity doesn't matter nobody's
buying it you were a pet and now like
many people in his administration he's
left you on the side of the road well
that's your problem it is entertaining
to the rest of us to be honest
there was another president that had a
controversial and adversarial
relationship with the media and in his
last press conference he said just think
how much you'll be missing you won't
have Nixon to kick around anymore and I
find that quote just absolutely
hilarious because for whatever reason I
read an article that's teasing Bill
O'Reilly's new book I can't remember the
name and don't care to look it up he
interviewed the president and the
president said when I leave office I'll
have my revenge without Trump what have
they got and really shows you the
similarities and their personalities
doesn't it almost as if he was
paraphrasing him intentionally I mean he
wasn't we know that because in order to
do that Trump would have to know
something about American history and we
know he doesn't but it goes to show that
separation that should have always been
there should have always been there
Nixon didn't have a favorite news outlet
he hated them all because they were all
out together Trump did because there was
one outlet that didn't do their job
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night